README.md, before:

One to Many Multiplied: One Category, Many Cars

How do I add new Categories with associated Cars? 

A category does not have a car? It has many cars. 
A car has a category.

```
ToDo List allows create, read, update, and delete
One to Many: a director has movies...

Potential Conflict: I can add/delete todos, but can I add/delete
a table one2many tables? 

I can create a one2many table scenario. Can I reproduce this?

Will I need to instantiate objects, not just one2many,
but additional one2many collections? 

How do I create?
How do I access? 

3.03; p. 47

```

I. Backend:

H2 Database

A. Category Class

i. Each Category, ONE, has Cars... MANY 
ii. Cars Class, MANY , has Category... ONE 


II. UI: 

A. navbar: logo, carListing, addCategory, addCar

B. Jumbotron: Name of Company with background

C. No Footer

a. Cars Listing: Displays all the Beans with content

i. Cards: name, image, button 

ex. BMW, Pic, More Info

b. Add Category:
 
i. Add Category. Receives a new 

One Input 

ii. Form: 
 
6 inputs

Manufacture
Model
Year
MSRP 
Category
Upload Image 

submit button   

iii. Add Car. Not sure how ii && iii are different. 

ii == enter an individual form, go to series of inputs

iii == start with series of inputs

Commit message:

CatForm takes new Categories; Next: Table Cars

README.md, after:

Exact Problem:

I can populate page in HomeController.
I cannot populate page in an HTML page. 

1. How do I change this? 
2. What is the smallest version of this I can solve?
3. Is there an analogy, like the TodoList? 

SOLUTION1: Just get the category form to take in data and display on show



```
ToDo List allows create, read, update, and delete
One to Many: a director has movies...

Potential Conflict: I can add/delete todos, but can I add/delete
a table one2many tables? 

I can create a one2many table scenario. Can I reproduce this?

Will I need to instantiate objects, not just one2many,
but additional one2many collections? 

How do I create?
How do I access? 

3.03; p. 47

```

I. Backend:

H2 Database

A. Category Class

i. Each Category, ONE, has Cars... MANY 
ii. Cars Class, MANY , has Category... ONE 


II. UI: 

A. navbar: logo, carListing, addCategory, addCar

B. Jumbotron: Name of Company with background

C. No Footer

a. Cars Listing: Displays all the Beans with content

i. Cards: name, image, button 

ex. BMW, Pic, More Info

b. Add Category:
 
i. Add Category. Receives a new 

One Input 

ii. Form: 
 
6 inputs

Manufacture
Model
Year
MSRP 
Category
Upload Image 

submit button   

iii. Add Car. Not sure how ii && iii are different. 

ii == enter an individual form, go to series of inputs

iii == start with series of inputs
